Backport jetpack 15.0-a.7 Changes (#44940)
Automattic/jetpack: projects/js-packages/components/CHANGELOG.md

### This is a list detailing changes for the Jetpack RNA Components package releases.

## [1.3.0] - 2025-08-25
### Changed

> - Start using the improved PricingTable component for product interstitials. [#44801]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use the improved PricingTable component for product interstitials. [#44801]
```
